So once again, when you look at the bounty, the requirements, and the specs, I want you to make sure that we meet it 100%. Everything has to be working. Every requirement has to be met. Everything has to be working. For the AI, we're going to be using Gemini. I want to use OpenAI. We're going to be using Gemini. Okay, free Gemini. So make sure that everything is set. Bro, like, I mean, 100% ready. We have to win the bounty. Make sure that we meet all the requirements, the specs, and everything. It's working, okay? Everything I click. So according to the specs, everything should work. Everything I see on the page should work. Okay, that's like report, analytics, document report. The document also, they're taking. I see some taking, but I don't know what the taking does. I don't know. It's supposed to work, bro. If I click on view details, post to the view details, generate AI report, delete data, all has to work, bro. New query, export CSV has to work. Hope you understand. Okay, analytics, export data has to work. Every button has to work. The live document view, everything. Reset simulation, like I click on view all. So we have to create other models and other pages, connect everything, make sure everything is working and what? Perfect. Okay, the dashboard, the top, wallet. Supposed the wallet connection should be live and working. Okay, the Solana, everything has to meet their profile. I like the profile section, but I don't know when I click it doesn't work. So I don't know if we can make it work. So when you connect to it, you can choose an avatar. You choose an avatar, then I don't know. Yeah, you set up. It's just, just meet it 100%. That's what I'm telling you. Okay, so yeah, do that. And then let's, let's go take your time also and make sure you meet everything. And also, when you're done, I think when you see that we meet the requirements and specs 100%, I think there's something you can add to it to make it like more interesting and stand out. Okay, to boost our win at it.